README.md, before:

AppCode
=======

My custom Setup for App Code. Import via `File > Import Settings`. Some of these are defaults in AppCode, but some of them are not and it's been too long for me to remember which now.

### Download link

[Download the .jar](https://github.com/orta/AppCode/raw/master/settings.jar)

### Keybindings


| Feature        | Explanation | Key Binding  |
| ------------- |-------------|:-----:|
| Refactor button | This is the gateway to everything, memorize what `1`-`0` do on the top row and your superfast. | `⌥ + t` |
| Do whatever AppCode wants | This is for things like auto-import | `⌘ + ↵` |
| Open Symbol | Used to open any source file | `⌘ + t` |
| Open File | Used to open any other file | `⌘ + ⌥ + o` |
| Run... | Pressing this then `2` will allow you to run all the tests in a file | `⌘ + ^ + R` |
| Switch to test file | Only works if you have a matching spec name | `⌘ + ^ + t` |
| Commit changes | Do all your gut stuff in AppCode | `⌘ + ⌥ + c` |
| Open Selection in Github |  (This is a plugin, you may have to install yourself.) | `⌘ + ⌥ + g` |


### Code Style

The generated code style is mostly the same as what the [NYTimes released](https://github.com/NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide). Think I only disagreed with them on minor issues.


### Keys references
* `⌘`  = cmd
* `⌥` = alt
* `^` = control
* `⇧` = shift
* `↵` = enter

Commit message:

added note for find in context

README.md, after:

AppCode
=======

My custom Setup for App Code. Import via `File > Import Settings`. Some of these are defaults in AppCode, but some of them are not and it's been too long for me to remember which now.

### Download link

[Download the .jar](https://github.com/orta/AppCode/raw/master/settings.jar)

### Keybindings


| Feature        | Explanation | Key Binding  |
| ------------- |-------------|:-----:|
| Refactor button | This is the gateway to everything, memorize what `1`-`0` do on the top row and your superfast. | `⌥ + t` |
| Do whatever AppCode wants | This is for things like auto-import | `⌘ + ↵` |
| Open Symbol | Used to open any source file | `⌘ + t` |
| Open File | Used to open any other file | `⌘ + ⌥ + o` |
| Run... | Pressing this then `2` will allow you to run all the tests in a file | `⌘ + ^ + R` |
| Switch to test file | Only works if you have a matching spec name | `⌘ + ^ + t` |
| Find all uses of _x_ | Like find all, but with context. | `⌘ + ^ + f` |
| Commit changes | Do all your gut stuff in AppCode | `⌘ + ⌥ + c` |
| Open Selection in Github |  (This is a plugin, you may have to install yourself.) | `⌘ + ⌥ + g` |


### Code Style

The generated code style is mostly the same as what the [NYTimes released](https://github.com/NYTimes/objective-c-style-guide). Think I only disagreed with them on minor issues.


### Keys references
* `⌘`  = cmd
* `⌥` = alt
* `^` = control
* `⇧` = shift
* `↵` = enter
